Update images and links (#86)
DynamoDS/DynamoPrimerNew: a_appendix/a-1_visual-programming-and-dynamo.md

#### Programming Defined <a href="#programming-defined" id="programming-defined"></a>

> Using either of these sets of instructions should result in a crane, and if you followed along yourself, you've applied an algorithm. The only difference is the way in which we read the formalization of that set of instructions and that leads us to **Programming**. Programming, frequently shortened from _Computer Programming_, is the act of formalizing the processing of a series of actions into an executable program. If we turned the above instructions for creating a crane into a format our computer can read and execute, we are Programming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using either of these sets of instructions should result in a crane, and if you followed along yourself, you've applied an algorithm. The only difference is the way in which we read the formalization of that set of instructions and that leads us to **programming**. Programming, frequently shortened from _computer programming_, is the act of formalizing the processing of a series of actions into an executable program. If we turned the above instructions for creating a crane into a format our computer can read and execute, we would be programming.
```

Author: implemented
